update xcom docs (#46284)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/core-concepts/xcoms.rst

XComs are a relative of :doc:`variables`, with the main difference being that XComs are per-task-instance and designed for communication within a DAG run, while Variables are global and designed for overall configuration and value sharing.

If you want to push multiple XComs at once you can set ``do_xcom_push`` and ``multiple_outputs`` arguments to ``True``, and then return a dictionary of values.

> To push multiple XComs at once:

Reviewer: Instead of this line, what about just adding "For example:" to the above paragraph?

.. code-block:: python

    value = {"key1": "value1", "key2": "value2"}
    # A Python operator task returning a dictionary

>     task = PythonOperator(

Reviewer: Can you replace this with a TaskFlow example?

Author: Sure.

Author: Done

        task_id="xcom_push_with_multiple_outputs",
        python_callable=lambda: value,
        do_xcom_push=True,
        multiple_outputs=True,
    )

> To pull a specific key from the XCom:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then pull both XComs separately. For example:
```

.. code-block:: python

    # Pulling a specific key from the multiple outputs
    task_instance.xcom_pull(key="key1", task_ids="xcom_push_with_multiple_outputs")  # will return "value1"

>     task_instance.xcom_pull(key="key2", task_ids="xcom_push_with_multiple_outputs")  # will return "value2"

Reviewer: Should this be wrapped inside a `@task` function?

XComs are a relative of :doc:`variables`, with the main difference being that XComs are per-task-instance and designed for communication within a DAG run, while Variables are global and designed for overall configuration and value sharing.

> If you want to push multiple XComs at once you can set ``do_xcom_push`` and ``multiple_outputs`` arguments to ``True``, and then return a dictionary of values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to push multiple XComs at once, you can set ``do_xcom_push`` and ``multiple_outputs`` arguments to ``True``. This will return a dictionary of values.
```

Author: we still need to return the dictionary. If we don't, Its not going to automatically return the dictionary.

Reviewer: Yeah that makes sense. This suggestion just makes it grammatically correct
